we're pleased to have with us again the
host of the third most listened to radio
talk show in America Michael Savage he's
written another book
it's his first novel and it's called
simply abuse of power congratulations
Michael and welcome again to Newsmax hey
you know I love Newsmax I've been with
you guys from the beginning and thanks
for having me you've written for New
York Times bestselling political books
what motivated you to write a thriller
novel well it's based upon my being
banned in Britain I'm the only member of
the American media not allowed to enter
Britain they put me on a list with
murderers and terrorists killers which
was astonishing I'm still on that list
can't get off the list no matter how
I've tried we've spent $400,000 legal
fees won't work so I thought that if I
fictionalized the story of a media
figure who was smeared by a left-wing
smear machine and then banned from the
American media ban from Britain and then
turned it into a thriller it would
become a movie and maybe people would
pay attention to the abuse of power that
actually goes on at the highest levels
of government but here when the book is
Jack Hatfield tell us a little bit about
him is he at all like Michael Savage oh
oh that's a good one well I will say
this that his dog's name is Eddie and
he's a 10 pound poodle and my dog's name
is Teddy who's a 10 pound poodle now
other than that there is no resemblance
to reality other than the fact that I
take him to restaurants in San Francisco
where I enjoy eating or he walks the
streets of San Francisco and Jack
describes the beauty of the San
Francisco Bay and what he sees Jack and
I are very dissimilar Jack is a man in
his 40s Jack is a former war
correspondent I am not so he's purely a
fictional character however he does live
aboard a boat that's very very similar
to one that I own because I use the bay
and boats and things of that nature
to set the backdrop for this exciting
thriller are there any real Jack
Hatfields in the media today oh wow what
a loaded question I wish I knew one yes
Chris ruddy of Newsmax I do wish there
was a real
after the truth in fact to show the jack
lost after getting ban and Britain is
called truth tellers that was the name
of his TV show he's no longer a host of
because he told too much truth I believe
there are people trying their best to
get to the bottom of things but look at
the two stories they're hanging out
there pregnant that almost everyone's
forgotten that I fictionalized in this
book a my being banned and Britain B you
remember last year there was a guy in
Washington a highly-placed Defense
Department official in in cybersecurity
who helped build the Vietnam Veterans
Memorial who was found wandering drunk
on videotape and then found his body
found in a dumpster in Delaware remember
that story
nobody ever followed that up I I went
into that story and it's in this book
abuse of power all right we gotta ask
you about the presidential campaign
first do you think Obama would be a
one-term president no I think that the
opposition is under estimating his
machine
I think his machine is very deadly and
witness what Hoffa just said notice
there's been an orchestrated campaign
against the Tea Party the Tea Party is
the American middle class as I've said
on my show many times do you know anyone
on welfare in a tea party
I don't the tea party are taxpayers
middle class people who declared war on
them the Congressional Black Caucus
started at two weeks ago and now Jimmy
Hoffa jr. says they want war take them
out this is coming from the highest
corridors of power it's coming from
Axelrod in my opinion I think they're
trying to stir up insurrection in this
country they want civil disobedience
imil discord they want a riot or riots
because as rahm emanuel famously said
we've never seen a crisis that we
haven't been able to utilize okay
they're not to be counted out yet in my
opinion you expect the race card to be
played in the campaign they've been
using it for a month and a half now
every other word out of Maxine Waters
mouth or one of the other members of the
Congressional Black Caucus is that the
white people are racists the people in
the Tea Party are basically racists and
Nazis this is crazy rhetoric coming out
of a party I've never seen anything like
it and for Jimmy Hoffa Hoffa jr. to say
take them out this is a this is a
declaration of war dude
Horowitz tells Newsmax Obama is the most
dangerous president of modern times now
your book is entitled abuse of power
could that possibly apply to Obama well
I believe he has abused his power in
many different ways he came to power on
the on the platform of being an anti-war
president and then he engaged us in an
escalation in Afghanistan pardon me he
engages in a war in Libya and now as
I've been screaming on my show for
months
what do you mean rebels the rebels are
Al Qaeda who's in charge of this
government and why did they seem to be
stirring up this revolution in the Arab
world when those taking power are all
anti-american does that make sense to
you and turning to the GOP field
currently which of the Republican
presidential candidates impresses you
the most my only only Perry and the
reason is is that I'll get 60 to 70
percent out of my conservative
principles from Perry
I'll get 30 to 40 percent out of Romney
and I'll get less than that out of the
others that does not mean that Cain is
not a great guy he is he's not electable
can't win I look Ron Paul is a terrific
guy great ideas can't win so therefore I
go with who can win who can win it's
Perry Perry Perry there's another reason
on my boat which features prominently an
abuse of power I can't help but showing
you the book cover it's so beautiful
there is a plaque on my boat from
Governor Perry which makes me an admiral
in the Texas Navy I'm very proud of that
plaque and one last question Michael
about your home state of California
after the last election Michael Reagan
told us he was disgusted with the
efforts of California Republicans on
behalf of Carly Fiorina of course the
ultra liberal Barbara Boxer was
re-elected to the Senate does a
Republican have any chance of winning
anything in California ever what a great
question a short of a demographics
change I would say the prognosis is
quite for the reason Carly Fiorina lost
is not because the Republicans didn't
support her it's because she did not
support core conservative values she ran
at this to the center and she did not
excite the base it's the lesson
Republicans refused to learn again the
name of his latest book abuse of power
Michael Savage congratulate
thank you good luck thank you very much
for having me uh Newsmax
and thank you for watching Newsmax TV